{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh14360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Questions answer! \
\
1. In Conclusion. Based on the data we have been working with, we can easily review each individual category and subcategory success, failed, canceled, and live campaign. The breakdown monthly graph is interesting because, it\'92s quick and to the point.  All 3 graphs can be the first step to determine which campaign is the most popular or have higher possibility for success and avoid us to create something that is very similar / already out.\
\
2. The limitation of this dataset is that each campaign has individual uniqueness. Each categories varies with interest, level of creativity and budgeting. Some goal will be easier to reach for example if it\'92s low budget and attract peoples attention, it reach it\'92s goal faster and vise versa where the goal are high but with very low demand  that cause the campaign to fail. \
\
3. Possible table that we could be added is to count the difference between date created and date ended. Each campaign open for variety different dates. Going by the variety number of dates open, we can breakdown our graph and further our report to determine the success of the campaign. Campaign open duration vs how much $ goal trying to be reach is another possibility to be look at to determine the success, failed, and canceled. Looking further to determine duration of open campaign depending on the each category and subcategory, it can help individual who want to start their own campaign to determine how long the campaign should open for to reach it\'92s success, instead of just relying based on the budged goal that is obtain. \
}